This serial Jodha does not claim any kind of historicity.
Necessary and appropriate dramatic adaptations have been made to show the circumstances of the time.
Historically,
instead of Jodha Bai, names like Harka Bai Heer Kunwar are
popular in history. This
serial does not claim any social tradition and  It does
not make any historical claim of family relations,
its aim is
not to hurt the sentiments of any community, whether the news is
good or bad, one thing is common in both
that both spread rapidly like wildfire
and
Shahenshah Hindustan Jalaluddin arrived from Dhawalgiri  On the
orders of Mohammad, the commander of Ratanpur
fort Dhawalgiri
is ordered to immediately vacate the fort as it
is the order of Dhawalgiri Badshamat that we have to hand over the fort to the royal dynasty.
Prepare to vacate the fort. You have
not received any information regarding our control over Ratanpur fort yet. Why are
you worried?  Don't worry Maharaj, the messenger will be
bringing this good news any moment. We are
Maharaj, victory to the fort of Ratanpur
[music]
Dhawalgiri
Congratulations on your marriage and
also on getting the fort of Ratanpur,
fort if we were able to win the war.  So
We would have been more happy Bapu sa,
victory is important in politics Bajendra,
whether we get it through war or
diplomacy, getting this fort
is a very big political success for us,
all the material of the affection department is ready,
right? Yes, sister-in-law, we have  I have kept all the materials at their respective
places myself and Priest ji,
Priest ji must have come along with others, has the
arrangement for food for Mansi Bara been made, is
n't the arrangement okay, I have checked it myself
and the security arrangements are Khangar Singh, the
security arrangements are alert Bhaisaab this
time  We left no stone unturned in the wedding, the
atmosphere is excellent, Haka Sahib, the royal family
looks happy, why not, Sir, they have
got what they wanted and what we
wanted was to
conquer the Ratanpur fort again,
those people are immersed in the joy of victory.  They must
not be given a single chance to defend themselves,
move ahead, be a warrior
[music]
Jota ji, he loves Cheecha sahab so much,
he respects
you so much, that is why after giving so many gifts, he
also gave us the fort of Ratanpur,
Shivani absolutely  she is right if the
jawasa refuses  If you had done this, then today we would have
heard the wedding ceremony of Sukanya
[music]
Jodhaa, you did not express your gratitude to your son,
and Dadi Sahib, we did not expect this from you
Jodhaa, son of Isa, has saved our honor
from being insulted and you did not even say two words
Instead of
saying thank you, son, go and express your gratitude. The
girl's sister and brother-in-law should be present for the ritual
[music]
Ho
Jota ji
ji Chata ji
[music]
ji Joda Begum, your younger sister is hinting at something to you.
[Music] Is
he giving you any hint that you should
say something to us? Yes, we did not thank you for the Ratanpur fort.
We are grateful to you for whatever you have done. What a
man you are, Bheem, but you thank me.  I have
n't
learnt how to behave Hey I told you but with a little elegance, a
little from the heart, a little nicely
thank you better
[music]
[music] Please
help me as much as you want, just
give me your orders Nani princess, I have to
steal the shoes of the future ji but
he  You haven't worn it yet, you
did this at our wedding too, right?  This
happens in every marriage, if you don't
steal the shoes, you won't
get the gift, it is a question of our belongings,
brother, this is the matter, we are from your sister-in-law's side, your respect
means their respect and their respect
means our
respect, today's talk  If you have respected me then you have to make me happy,
right?
[Music] Let me do one thing,
see how intelligent he
is. Yes, that's true, your brother-in-law is
very clever in snatching other's things.
[Music]
[Music] He is going to be like a
shoemaker.  I want one or
two, why give them? These are not our shoes,
our shoes are there. Come on
son, let's go. Hey brother, let us go, you cannot go
[Music]
Now that you have come to us, you will have to
pay the net
[Music]
How are you feeling Bakhi
Bano you are attending a Hindu wedding for the first time
[Music]
What happened to this hand
Nothing happened to you Ammi Jaan it is just like that you must be feeling
a lot of pain
right? No, it is because of bangles  While they were wearing it, the
glass broke. How many times have we explained to
them not to wear glass bangles?  Is there any
shortage of bangles but the thing is
that she does not listen to us, you will not
understand Sharifuddin, it is not easy to understand the mind of women,
well we are happy that the obstacle in Sukanya's marriage has been
removed and everything is
going well, the right decision  Shahenshah has taken it
[Music]
Everyone here is happy and our hearts are burning
All the hard work has gone to waste
[Music]
Shahenshah now extend your right hand
Daughter, you put your left hand on Shahenshah's hand
[Music]
Shan
Satyasudhana Shan
Avant He has held my hand so tightly that it is starting to pain You do
not leave any opportunity to
tease me The pleasure I get in teasing you
Chau Begum, I
cannot get that even after winning 100 wars Shana Bhav  Sukrit Surata Sho
Bhavantu Pitra Hashu Shan Satya Patayo Bhavantu Sho
Avanta Shu Santu
Shahanshah raise your hands to offer the sacrifice
[Music]
Janab Priest Sahib, before that we
would like to know from you what you have said  I
would like to know that when we
hear the sound of birds in the morning, even then we
want to know what are they saying, are
they waking up their children and then
telling them to remain quiet we will
bring food,
this shloka is definitely  We have read it on your behalf
in which you wish for a bright future for the bride and groom
[music]
We know that you do not have to
explain the meaning of the shloka, you just have to hold our hand and
sit for a long time
[music]
Very good Priest
saheb, now you can perform the aahuti  Give it
[music]
Our bride, stand up for the rounds
Now let the bride and groom put garlands on each other
[music]
listen, Barji has made a
request, listen, listen,
Barji has made a
request, one, one, again I have come to
Laad Ghar  Let
yours go, listen listen, I
make a request, listen listen, I make a
request, first
round is left from Dada's house, second round is left from Baba's door, let's
go Laado, by your promise, the
fourth round is
unique, take one round each, Laado, go home
[Music]
Listen to you, listen to me,
Barji has a
request, listen to me,
Barji has a request, let the bride go ahead,
fifth
round, leaving the whole house, the
next
round is your fate, the
seventh round is
unique,
with this round you have become one,
listen to the wish of the daughter  Many congratulations to both of them The
marriage is completed, now both of you have officially become
husband and wife
[Music]
Listen, listen,
a request full of Barj
Listen, listen to
Barj
[Music]
There Sukanya got married and here the
Mughals returned to the fort of Ratanpur
Jalal took over the fort, but
even after giving away the entire fort, the Mughals snatched it away.
Now it remained to be seen whether Sukanya's palanquin would
leave before Amir or the
news of Mughals' capture of Ratanpur would reach Amer first.
Jalaluddin Mohammad
Zindabad, good Bharmal ji.  Please
allow us The preparations for welcoming the bride in the valg have been
completed Achal Singh ji If
we have inadvertently missed any mistake, please forgive us There is
an important information
[Music]
Keep the drum down This farewell will not happen now
Our trust was betrayed
[Music] This
is a very good king, this is how
you keep your word, first you gave us the fort of Ratanpur and
then without any warning you
attacked it and took it under your control again
[Music]
We are royalty  If we make a promise to someone
then we can give up our life to fulfil it, it is
true that rest of the royal people are
worthy of only one relationship, we have already talked about the relationship of Chata,
now we
will talk about how to maintain a relationship or we  We will
explain it to you later when we are free, but for now
we want to remind you that you came to such a house which
is not appropriate as a royal family and
you
compromised on the terms of the relationship before marriage and yes
we made you upset because we had married Raja
Bharmal  you had given your word to ji and we did not
snatch that fort from you because we wanted to teach you a lesson, made you
realize that some
things are not asked for, they are won, to
win them the boss
needs to have the strength, which is not in your arm if  If you
wanted freedom then you should have
met us on the battlefield instead of like this in the wedding mandap
No, I am very angry, you want to fight with
us, right? Fine, come and fight with us. The
marriage rituals have been done, now let the war
rituals also be performed.
No spacer will come from our side. We will fight alone.
You, your son, no matter who you are  Call them as well,
we are ready to fight.
One more thing, Bajendra and Sukanya are married, their
destinies have met in their families and
their hearts have also met, that is why we
warn you that if Sukanya faces
any trouble at your place, then  I swear by Allah we will
give your son a lot of pain If you hurt his heart
even a little we will open your son's
chest and take his heart out
[Music]
Now you are trying to scare us
First you told us
our  We have promised protection and now you
Mughals, just one more word, not one more word
against our community and we will pull your tongue out of your throat,
no Shasha
[Music]
[Praise]